# What is Correlated

# Multitasking?

Correlated Multitasking is newest incredible development from Correlated
Logistics ltd, tapping into the incredible power of Ender!

## The Enderspace Race

There is a common misconception that digital storage converts items into data
and annihilates them, to be reformed later based on the saved data. While some
have attempted this, the energy costs involved are astronomical, and if it were
implemented, you could create any matter out of pure energy, which violates all
conventions of physics. No, Correlated Logistics uses a revolutionary material
called Ender, which allows transport of matter or energy to and from
"Enderspace" — a seemingly infinite in-between space generally used for
teleportation by Endermen. Humans harness this fantastical power whenever they
throw an ender pearl - For reasons heretofore unknown, shattering a pearl warps
the caster to the location the pearl shatters at. At last, the mystery has been
solved: the shattered pearl releases its Ender energy, causing the one who
caused its shattering to hurtle through Enderspace to the point at which it
shattered. Humans are not able to survive in enderspace for long, so this
process inevitably causes some harm. Correlated Logistics is actively working
on protective methods for humans to one day traverse this space themselves.

## But what does this have to

## do with storage?

The true majesty of the Enderspace is its ease of access with the right tools.
Infusing an ender pearl with blaze powder (colloquially known as an "eye of
ender") gives the ender pearl enough stability to access Enderspace at will and
without shattering the pearl. When given an enclosure mechanism, this allows
anyone to create a basic Ender storage - the Ender Chest. The chest acts as a
link into a particular part of Enderspace, based on who opens it. This means
that you can access anything in your ender chest space from any ender chest in
the world, but nobody else can access it. However, this means that ender chests
are only accessible by the living; no computer or machine can access them. That
changes now!
Correlated Logistics has discovered that blaze powder is not the only dust that
ender pearls can be infused with. Infusing them with crushed glowstone, the
yellow crystals hanging from the nether, allows them to give off a very strange
radiation. Not only that, but any matter or energy placed in this new luminous
pearl causes the matter or energy to apparently disappear. Luckily, it is not
gone; it has been transported to Enderspace! The radiation given off by the
luminous pearl used can be read to find precisely where in Enderspace this
matter and energy has been sent, as each luminous pearl has a different
destination within Enderspace. These locations can simply be stored on a
standard hard drive, letting the user access each item individually. Using
this, matter and energy can be inserted and extracted whenever and however a
user wants!
This is the core of the Correlated Storage System — items are sent to
Enderspace, and their locations are stored on normal hard drives. This is why a
Correlated drive requires both a drive platter and a Luminous Pearl — they each
have a part to play in the grand scheme of the most incredible storage system
known to humanity!


<!--a purely lore description of how the CPU works>
<the basic idea is correlated multitasking is abusing the unstable dimensional
properties of ender to do crazy computing stunts>

[loredump
1](https://gist.github.com/unascribed/d48d47092bc9ea2e9389eb3e17cdf2d4)
[loredump
2](https://gist.github.com/unascribed/d92d889bc0a63a538066aa691ba4120a) -->
